Bump github/codeql-action from 3.28.0 to 3.28.1 (#245)
rsksmart/devportal: tutorials/frontend/frontend-web3-local.md

---
layout: rsk

> title: Create a frontend for smart contracts using web3 in a loca node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Create a frontend for smart contracts using web3 connected to a local node
```
